
[Active Problems]
1.  Esophageal variceal bleeding, s/p EGD and EVL, partially successful
with persistent bleeding, s/p ETT+MV(3/10-) and SB tube tamponade (3/10-12,
3/13-)
2.  Hepatocellular carcinoma with portal vein thrombosis, cT3N0M0, Okuda
II, Barcelona Clinic Liver Cancer C, status post oral Sorafenib/UFUR,
disease in progression, status post hepatic arterial infusion chemotherapy
with Cisplatin+FL protocol (46, since 2008/04/24, last course on
2014/12/30), status post modified FOLFOX (III)(2015/2/25~)
3.  Cirrhosis, Child B, with gastric and esophageal varices
4.  Sponetaneous bacterial peritonitis, s/p ceftazidime(3/3-)
5.      Pulmonary embolism, right pulmonary artery
6.      Acute kidney injury, GIB, sepsis or hepatorenal syndrome related
7.      Ventilator associated pneumonia

[Inactive or chronic problems]
1. Chronic hepatitis B, under Baraclude
2. Diabetes mellitus, type 2
3. Hypertension

Treatment Course 3/10-3/14
     The patient was admitted to 3C1 on 3/10 due to massive esophageal
variceal bleeding during EGD exam. He was intubated for airway protection
After admission, aggressive component therapy was given along with DLC and
CVC insertion. SB tube was inserted as GI doctor suggested on 3/10-3/12 and
somatostatin infusion pump and and high dose PPI were given as well to
control GI bleeding.
     TPN with potassiu-free was administered for nutrition support given
NPO status. His urine output decreased gradually with worsened renal
function.Paracentesis 1500ml cloudy orange ascites was performed for
abdominal distention relief and for suspected abdominal compartment
syndrome related AKI. Oral candidiasis was noticed so fluconazole 100mg IV
was given.
     2rd EGD exam on 3/12 showed esophageal varices without active bleeding
and much bloody clot in stomach. No intervention was done. SB tube was
removed as GI doctor suggested. The patient could not sleep and became mild
delirious at night, which may represent Grade 1 hepatic encephalopathy.
     3rd EGD exam on 3/13 afternoon was performed. It revealed
esophageal varices F2Cb with red color signs without active bleeding were
noted. Multiple scars and erosive mucosa were noted. EV ligation x3 with
Super 7 were performed. the forth and fifth ligation failed. Spurting
vessel was noted at failed ligation site. GI doctor suggested SB tube
tamponade again since 3/13 for high risk of re-bleeding. They adviced to
consult GS to assess indication for surgical devascularization due to
technically demanding lesions. The patient became more drowsy and confused
after EGD exam on 3/13 and follow up serum ammonium level was high. Tazocin
was given in place of ceftazidime for progressive VAP.

3/17-3/20
   We consulted hospice doctor for combined care due to grave prognosis.
Antibioitcs was changed from Mepem to Cravit and stop caspofungin due to
sputum culture yeilded Stenotrophomonas maltophilia and
Ralstonia(Burkholderia) pickettii and abscence of fungal infection
evidence. We continued SLED without levophed and pitressen for hemodynamic
support.  SB tube was removed 3/18 due to minimal dark green drainage.
Follow up lab showed decreased bilirubin but ammonium was still high and
his consciousness became unresponsive, E1M1Vt. Brain CT was done on 03-20
and showed 1. Scattered subarachnoid hemorrhage.2. Diffuse brain swelling.
3. Bilateral mastoid effusion. Poor neurological outcomes was informed to
his fmaily and they decided to take a more palliative stand, hoping not to
elevate vasopressor dose and preferring life support withdrawl.

Plan:
1. Hospice combined care
2. Stop dialysis
3. Keep PPI and somatostatin
4. Inform very poor prognosis. Family wish life support withdrawl
5. Palliative care
6. Contact hospice for withdrawl on 3/23 W1
