
The 34-year-old woman was introverted in nature. She graduated form
復興美工 in 1998. She had irregular jobs since then. Delusions of
reference, broadcasting, being monitored and guilt grew in 2001, with
emotional turmoil. Schizophrenia was diagnosed. She was admitted for
several times due to repeated suicide or self-harm episodes, through drug
overdose, wrist slashing or hanging. Her last admission was on 2011, due to
anticipation anxiety of starting of new semester and suicide attempt by
drug overdose, and the regimen was adjusted to clozapine 100 mg/day and
amisulpride 200mg/day. Then she graduated from 二技 on 2012/6 and worked in
a company.
According to her father's report, she was competent on the job, but she
sometimes had verbal conflicts with co-workers. She felt the job was not to
her interest of art, but only trivial things
(上班都在打雜而不是做有興趣的事情). Thus, she quit jobs last week even
though her boss asked her to stay. Her father did not notice self-talking
or strange behaviors, nor referential feelings from television or
newspaper. Her father did not notice slow motion/speech, inattention,
appetite/sleep decrease or suicide ideation. After quiting jobs, she led
loose life at home, playing mobile phone or watching television. Otherwise,
her father reported irregular drug compliance for a long time, not taking
medicine or tapering doses on her will though the regimen was clozapine 100
mg/day and amisulpride 200mg/day. Her father denied any recent major
psychosocial stress.
On 2014/12/20 around 3 am, she sent a message to her father, claiming
suicidal attempt without mentioning cause. Her father noticed her lying on
living room's floor, without obvious trauma. Her father also found many
tablets on her room
(很多藥物的包裝散落，還有很多藥裝在一個塑膠袋裡面，不知道吃了多少). She was
sent to ER: E2V2M3, TPR= 34.6'C/99/22, BP 44/27mmHg, SpO2 94%. Refractory
hypotention was noticed under inotropic agents and hydration. Lab showed
leukocytosis, electrolytes imbalanace with hypokalemia, hypomagnesemia,
hypocalcemia, and metabolic acidosis with lactic acidosis. CXR showed right
lung white-out. Under the impression of shock, suspected medication related
and suspected aspiration pneumonia, she was admitted to ICU for evaluation
and further management.
One episode of QT prolongation and Torsades de pointes was noted after
admission.
Under CVVH, Tazocin and intensive supportive care, CK elevated gradually
after admission. Otherwise, irregular tremor was also noted. We were
consulted for evaluation of NMS and other cause.

intermittent irregular tremor, lasting for several seconds, occurring on
different limbs, amplitude > 1cm
tendon reflex: intact on bilateral upper limbs
light reflex: intact
no obvious limb rigidity

1. Tremor, cause to be surveyed, suspected myoclonus, r/o seizure, r/o
extrapyramidal symptoms
2. Elevated CK, cause to be surveyed
3. Consciousness disturbance, under endotracheal tube and mechanical
ventilation for airway protection (2014/11/19), suspected medication
(clozapine, amisulpride, and benzodiazepines) overdose, shock, or other
etiology undetermined
4. Shock, suspected medication related
5. Right lung consolidation, suspected aspiration pneumonia
6. Electrolyte imbalance
7. Schizophrenia, paranoid type

[plan]
1. Please treat physical problem including elevated CK and toxic effect of
clozapine (such as anticholinergic effect, alterations in consciousness,
seizures, cardiac arrhythmias, myocarditis, pulmonary embolism, excessive
mucus production in bronchi, hypersalivation, blood dyscrasias,
pancreatitis and hepatitis) as your expertise.
2. Up to our visit around 2:30 PM 12/21, NMS was not very likely since
there was no obvious rigidity, autonomic instability (fluctuating BP, HR),
or hyperthermia. However, clozapine-related NMS was reported to have
atypical presentation. Hence, we suggest to closely monitor neurological
signs (DTR, rigidity, tremor, pupil size), consciousness level, body
temperature, CK level (at least twice per day) and also suggest to survey
for other cause of elevated CK level.
3. Please consult NEURO for suspected myoclonus or seizure and consult
toxicologist for management of toxidrome of clozapine and amisulpride.
4. EEG and brain image may be needed if neurological manifestation or poor
consciousness level persists and can not be properly explained.
5. If NMS is suspected, supportive care is the cardinal treatment. May use
prn benzodiazepines (eg, lorazepam 0.5-1.0 mg) to control agitation if
necessary. Please also refer to the article listed below.
http://ajp.psychiatryonline.org/doi/pdf/10.1176/ajp.2007.164.6.870
Am J Psychiatry. 2007 Jun;164(6):870-6.
Neuroleptic malignant syndrome.
