
Brief Summary of this week
Profound shock requiring ceiling dose of Levophed+ Pitressin+ Epinephrine
was found upon admission to 3A2. Central catheter was replaced as blood
culture from previous CVC yielded GNB, which final report yielded resistant
strain E.Coli. Stress dose Solu-cortef (50mg BID) was administered. GCS-f
was given due to neutropenic fever while chemotherapy (BOMES) was
suspended. Mepem was continued and Vorinocazole was added as  aspergillus
antigen showed elevated titer of 5.018. Pre-emptive Ganciclovir was given
to cover CMV viremia (CMV viral load 3080). Sputum specimen was tested
positive for PJP by RT-PCR hence Sevatrim was administered. Since 12/25
morning, limb tonic twitching with rightward gaze and post-ictal paralysis
was noted. Immediate brain CT for concern of ICH was unremarkable.
Metabolic factors were corrected but intermittent convulsion was still
noted. Brain CT with contrast and awake EEG were arranged as neurologist
suggested. CT with contrast did not showed acute intracranial pathology.
Keppra was first added, and subsequent use of continuous Anxicam infusion
due to poorly controlled seizure. An episode of hypotension developed
following Phenytoin loading. No further convulsion was noticed, while
drowsiness persisted. EEG on 12/26 showed 1.very active focal seizure with
2nd generalization, might arising from the left hemisphere; 2. diffuse
cortical dysfunction with regional emphasis in bil temporal areas with more
severity on left side. Anxicam was stopped on 12/29. Her consciosuness was
no improved. Followed EEG on 12/30 showed no epileptiform. Multiple
vesicles over bilateral inguina and left flank, and edema with friction
effect was considered by dermatologist. Followed CMV viral load showed
improvement, while ganciclovir was given due to possible encephalitis.
Lumbar puncture was not performed due to refractory thrombocytopenia. She
tried dextrose water then NG diet smoothly.

However, follow-up blood tests showed refractory disease with absent
neutrophils. After discussion, husband agreed to withdrawal of mechanical
ventilation, but her children were hesitant. However, progression
hypotension was noted on the evening of 2015-01-02, probably septic shock.
Family was informed of refractory disease with agranulocytosis and
impending hemodynamic collapse.



