
[Active Problems]
1.  Central diabetes insipidius, hypoxemic encephalopathy related
2.  Out of hospital cardiac arrest, pulseless electrical activity, status
post cardiopulmonary resuscitation, with return of spontaneous circulation
in 45 minutes (2015/2/28), suspect aspiration related
3.  Suspect aspiration pneumonia on Tazocin (2/28-)
4.  MSSA bacteremia, suspected contamination
5.  Suspect central Diabetes insipidus

[Inactive or chronic problems]
1.  Schizophrenia
2.  Bipolar disorder
3.  Hypertension
4.  Lumbar spondylosis

Treatment  3/2-3/7
      CVC blood culture showed Staphylococcus lugdunensis, sensitive to
oxacillin, so we discontinued vancomycin and keep Tazocin use. Relative
adrenal insufficiency was found, ACTH/Cortiso 19.7/7.85 so steroid was used
until levophed tappered off. Increased urine output with progressive
hypernatremia developed, central diabetes mellutis, related hypoxic
encephalopathy was diagnosed. D5W hydration and desmopressin use were given
and electrolyte and urine output gradually normalized.
      We contacted social worker and he clarified that nursing home
director was not eligible to be her surrogate, he will
contact her son through 社會局. Tazocin was downgraded to cefmetazole used
due to no Pseudomonas pneumonia evidence. Regular oral desmopressin 0.05mg
BID with titration was kept to prevent rebound central diabetes mellitus.

Treatment Course 3/9-3/14
     The patient's urine output decreased gradually after desmopressin use.
Her vital signs were stable FiO2 and no further sepsis signs developed. We
contacted the patient's sister and she promised to seek help from police to
find her son. If her son could not be contacted, she would probably become
the legal surrogate for the patient. Increased urine with negative I/O
balance was noticed since 3/13.

Plan:
1.Desmopressin prn dose due to rebound cDI
2.Social worker is contacting her son, no response now
3.Keep ventilator support PCV mode
4.病人外甥女正和警方聯絡兒子
5.若這周末前無法聯絡到兒子，考慮讓病人姐姐成為法定代理人做後續disposition
6.Stable FiO2 and no further sepsis signs, consider T-bird use and
transferring to ward while awaiting other paramedical issues
7.F/U lab, including adrenal function and lactate
<Plan>
1.  Keep CMZ use, total course 10 days
2.  Give regular desmopressin use due to rebound cDI, F/u
        Na closely
3.  Social worker is contacting her son, no response now
4.  Keep ventilator support PCV mode
