
[Active Problems]
1.  Central diabetes insipidius, hypoxemic encephalopathy related
2.  Out of hospital cardiac arrest, pulseless electrical activity, status
post cardiopulmonary resuscitation, with return of spontaneous circulation
in 45 minutes (2015/2/28), suspect aspiration related
3.  Suspect aspiration pneumonia on Tazocin (2/28-)
4.  MSSA bacteremia, suspected contamination
5.  Suspect central Diabetes insipidus

[Inactive or chronic problems]
1.  Schizophrenia
2.  Bipolar disorder
3.  Hypertension
4.  Lumbar spondylosis

Treatment  3/2-3/7
      CVC blood culture showed Staphylococcus lugdunensis, sensitive to
oxacillin, so we discontinued vancomycin and keep Tazocin use. Relative
adrenal insufficiency was found, ACTH/Cortiso 19.7/7.85 so steroid was used
until levophed tappered off. Increased urine output with progressive
hypernatremia developed, central diabetes mellutis, related hypoxic
encephalopathy was diagnosed. D5W hydration and desmopressin use were given
and electrolyte and urine output gradually normalized.
      We contacted social worker and he clarified that nursing home
director was not eligible to be her surrogate, he will
contact her son through 社會局. Tazocin was downgraded to cefmetazole used
due to no Pseudomonas pneumonia evidence. Regular oral desmopressin 0.05mg
BID with titration was kept to prevent rebound central diabetes mellitus.

Treatment Course
3/9-3/14
     The patient's urine output decreased gradually after desmopressin use.
Her vital signs were stable FiO2 and no further sepsis signs developed. We
contacted the patient's sister and she promised to seek help from police to
find her son. If her son could not be contacted, she would probably become
the legal surrogate for the patient. Increased urine with negative I/O
balance was noticed since 3/13.

3/16-3/21
   Fever 37.9 degree was noticed on 3/17. Empirical ceftazidime was
administered after workup. We consulted NTUH professor 蔡甫昌/倫理委員會
for family meeing. On 3/20, family meeting was arranged while the
conclusion was that her sister
agreed with DNR 不電不壓不洗腎, and she hoped that we can manage to make
her son to come to NTUH to see the patient or leave notes that he gave up
the decision making right for the patient. They preferred not performing
life support withdrawl at the present.

Plan:
1. Palliative care
2. DNR 不電不壓不洗腎
